Update, correct, and expand documentation (#747)
HigherOrderCO/Bend: FEATURES.md

To see some more complex examples programs, check out the [examples](examples/) folder.

### Basic features

> Types in Bend are completely optional - you can write programs without any type annotations, but we'll be typing every function for clarity. We can start with a basic program that adds the numbers 3 and 2. Though 

Reviewer: This is too complicated for first example. Let's try breaking into 2 pieces, one just like the old one and then another showing optional typing.

  return MyTree.sum(x)
```

> It should be noted that in this case, since MyTree has no type annotations, its fields will be considered of type Any, which partially disables the type checker for these values. Thus the fact that `x` is holding a tree of u24 and not a tree of anything else won't be checked and it's up to the user to make sure it's correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: since MyTree has no type annotations, its fields will be considered of type `Any`, which partially disables the type checker for these values. Thus the fact that `x` is holding a tree of u24 and not a tree of anything else won't be checked and it's up to the user to make sure it's correct.
```

The three number types are fundamentally different.
If you mix two numbers of different types HVM will interpret the binary representation of one of them incorrectly, leading to incorrect results. Which number is interpreted incorrectly depends on the situation and shouldn't be relied on for now.

At the moment Bend doesn't have a way to convert between the different number types, but it will be added in the future.

> You can use `switch` to pattern match on unsigned native numbers:

Reviewer: Don't remove this, it's important.

> Bend now has a way to convert between the different number types!

Reviewer: This is strangely worded and doesn't fir the rest of the file.
Something like "You can convert between the number types using the builtin casting functions" would be better i think

```py
def main() -> _:
  x = f24/to_i24(1.0)
  y = u24/to_f24(2)
  z = i24/to_u24(-3)

  return (x, y, z)
```
You can find the other casting functions and their declarations at [builtins.md](docs/builtins.md).
### Other builtin types

Bend has Lists and Strings, which support Unicode characters.

> # These are the definitions of the builtin types.

Reviewer: `#` means a BIG header, better to write something like "Bend has Lists and Strings, ... This is how they're defined."

```py
# When you write this
def empty_map() -> Map(T):
  return {}

def init_map() -> Map(String):

>   return { 1: "one", 2: "two"}

Reviewer: Keep the `\`blue\`` key, it's meant to show the symbol syntax sugar (numeric value for small strings), just change the value to also be a string.
